When you are sitting watching an action film and the only thing you can think of is, 'Well, at least a lot of stuntmen got work', there is something wrong with the film.
In this film, there are too many problems to list.
However, here are a few.
Where was the writer?
Obviously, the script was bought and the writer was not brought aboard to work on it as the film went on.
The story was weak and beaten to death.
Disgruntled foreigner gets mad and wants to kill everybody and cause worldwide panic.
Wow. What a concept.
Actually, if done properly, it can be a good concept.
There were only a few things running against it being truly good.
They are Vin Diesel, the Director, the production crew and the continuity supervisor.
Unfortunately, all of these were involved in this film.
The continuity alone is enough to drive the average viewer insane.
From a GTO that can drive through Prague at 80 MPH (in the city), but can't go that fast in straight-aways to a deadly toxin that is rendered impotent by water.
Water? Yes. Water. I guess no one wanted to do any research and look for compounds that don't dilute quickly and become ineffective in water.
Am I asking too much in asking to SOME thought process while developing this film?
Then there is Vin Diesel. I can guarantee you, he was a much better bouncer than he ever will be an actor.
Does he have only one tone to his voice?
It's okay for a short film or small part in a film, but a whole feature?
It's like listening to Schwarzenegger, but he can do some acting.
A body and a voice do not an actor make.
Do you know who Jeff Chandler is?
Exactly!
Stay away from this film like the plague.
It's just bad.
The only good thing is the lead female who is a Russian spy.
If all spies looked like her and moved like her, there would be chaos in the world.
Unfortunately, it is not worth the $9.00 to go see her only.
It would be best to get it on cheap rental day at the video store.
Then, get a group of people together to pull money to 'share the pain'.
Hey, $0.50 out of your pocket is better than $9.00. I'd rather watch Howard the Duck again.
I'm going to go get a mint.
Just thinking of this film makes my stomach sour.
